OLS-1356: Document Swagger support for OLS (#109931)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-proc-explore-the-rest-api-by-using-the-swagger-ui.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// lightspeed-docs-main/operate/ols-using-openshift-lightspeed.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ols-proc-explore-the-rest-api-by-using-the-swagger-ui_{context}"]
= Exploring the REST API by using the Swagger UI

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the interactive Swagger UI to explore and test {ols-long} REST API endpoints. Testing these endpoints allows you to verify request parameters and response schemas directly in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interactive Swagger UI provides a platform to explore and test {ols-long} REST API endpoints. You can use this interface to verify request parameters and response schemas directly from your browser to ensure seamless API integration.
```
